Phishing - deduplication of HTML fields to improve performance (#26517)
demisto/content: Packs/Phishing/ReleaseNotes/3_5_19.md

#### Layouts

##### Phishing Incident v3

Changed the Email Body section to use a dynamic section that will display the rendered HTML or the text of the email.

#### Playbooks

##### Process Email - Generic v2

> Added an input called "UseOldHTMLFields". The new input determines whether the playbook will set the "Email Body HTML" and "Rendered HTML" fields with the HTML contents of the email. If you are experiencing issues with incidents containing large amounts of data, we recommend setting the value for that input to "False", unless you are exclusively using the Email Body HTML and Rendered HTML fields in your playbooks, and cannot replace those usages with the other fields - "Email HTML" or "Email Body". Note: changing the value of the input to "False" will break backward-compatibility for you if you are using a custom playbook which uses **Process Email - Generic v2** as a subplaybook to set those fields, and then make use of those fields in other parts of your playbook. However changing it to "False" will also reduce the overall size of the incident which can improve performance and prevent issues with large incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added an input called "UseOldHTMLFields". The new input determines whether the playbook will set the "Email Body HTML" and "Rendered HTML" fields with the HTML contents of the email. If you are experiencing issues with incidents containing large amounts of data, we recommend setting the value for that input to "False", unless you are exclusively using the Email Body HTML and Rendered HTML fields in your playbooks, and cannot replace those usages with the other fields - "Email HTML" or "Email Body". 

Note: Changing the value of the input to "False" will break backward-compatibility for you if you are:

- using a custom playbook which uses **Process Email - Generic v2** as a sub-playbook to set those fields, 

and 

- then make use of those fields in other parts of your playbook. 

However changing the value to "False" will also reduce the overall size of the incident which can improve performance and prevent issues with large incidents.
```
